Document runner-recycling-max-wait (#9682)
buildbuddy-io/buildbuddy: docs/rbe-platforms.md

  default. This option may be useful to improve performance in some
  situations, but is not generally recommended for most actions as it
  reduces action hermeticity. Available options are `true` and `false`.
- `runner-recycling-max-wait`: when recycling a runner, how long to wait for a
  recycled runner before also trying to schedule on another machine. Values must

>   be formatted as positive durations. For example, `500ms` or `3s`. This value
>   may be ignored or clamped to a specific range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  be formatted as positive durations. For example, `500ms` or `3s`. This is a best-effort
  mechanism and the server may choose to ignore or clamp this value to a specific range.
```
